docs: expand "getting started" section (#2229)
SymbiFlow/symbiflow-arch-defs: docs/source/getting-started.rst

Prepare environment
-------------------

Download all the necessary packages, tools and databases into an isolated conda environment:

.. code-block:: bash

    cd symbiflow-arch-defs
    make env

This also checks out all the submodules and generates the build system (``Make`` or ``Ninja``) from the CMake configuration.
If you want to use the ``Ninja`` build tool add this line before calling ``make env``:

.. code-block:: bash

    export CMAKE_FLAGS="-GNinja"

Build example
-------------

> Various targets depend on specific architectures. Each architecture uses different toolchain backend that will be called during build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While different architectures provide different build targets, there are some targets that should exist for all architectures. 

Each architecture has its own toolchain backend that will be called during build.
```

Author: Included requested change

(See `Project X-Ray <https://prjxray.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
and `Project Trellis <https://prjtrellis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_ for more information)

> For development purposes a set of test designs was included for each supported architecture. In order to perform build

Author: Fixed this
